# Toque Hugo Theme

This theme probably could not be considered to be in a usable state.  It still has some ver rough edges, is missing a features and needs several layout improvements.  It was created from the **Coffeecup** hugo theme [https://github.com/KeyofSamuel/coffeecup-hugo-theme] to keep the look and feel very similar.

When this theme is finished, it should be an acceptable way to post simple recipes and methods.  There's not much ambition beyond that right now.

To make this theme simpler and modification easier, it uses W3.CSS rather than bootstrap, some extra CSS and very little JavaScript.

This README will eventually contain all theme documentation, which is still in progress.  Contact the author with any questions.

# Edit Options

## Color theme
Color theme is set in the *main.css* file using W3.CSS tags but generated by hand rather than using one of the built-in W3.CSS themes.  Theme and color modification can be simply changed in the *main.css* file.

## Fonts
Fonts need to be set in head.html to pull from Google and in main.css to apply them to the site.  The *Lato* font is currently set as default for the entire site.

## Fontawesome
Edit the "fontawesome" link to include personal FA kit.

## Set the Hero
Set the hero heading, subheading, description and hero image from the config.toml


# Initial Documentation

This is the initial documentation for the Hugo theme "Toque."  


## Archetypes

The archetypes folder includes a *Posts*, *Portfolio* and *Default* template.

## Layouts

# Notes on editing the base templates and layout



  
